Go back to our C-scripts here.
So we have our artists and our songs.
The next thing is I want to create a user.
And then I want the user
to have some playlists.
So we'll do that.
The first thing is to create a user,
we need the password, but we're not gonna
save the password as plain text because
come on now, that's not what we do.
We're gonna hash the password before
we do that, in order to do that,
we're gonna generate a salt.
So I'm gonna say const salt =
bcrypts.genSaltsSync, like that.
That's gonna give us a salt.
If you don't know anything about
encryption, don't worry about this.
This is just, you could think
of it as like a, I don't know,
encryption is like a reversible, it's like
if you could make food but also undo it.
But the only way you could do it is if
you knew the special key to the oven.
That's basically what this encryption is.
And salt is a specific ingredient that
makes the food taste a certain way and
you need that ingredient in there or
otherwise, it won't taste a certain way.
That's the best way I can describe
it without getting into a bunch
of crypto stuff.
So we got a salt here.
And the next one is you
need to make a user.
So that's just gonna be a wait,
prisma.user.upsert.
And for this,
pretty much is gonna be the same thing.
So I'm gonna say find a user
where we'll go by email.
And I'll say email is user@test.com,
that'd be our c user's email.
If you find that user, I want you to do an
update of nothing because I don't actually
want to update this user if you find them.
But I do want to create
them if they don't exist.
And what I want you to do when you
create them is I just want you to give
them email of the same
email here user@test.com.
And I want to give them
a password of bcrypt.hashSync,
and you're just gonna type in
whatever password you want.
I am just gonna type in password as my
password so I can log in super easy.
And then the salt.
So that should create a user.
And we'll be doing the same thing when
we actually do the authentication.
We'll be literally doing the same
strategy of making a user and sign up.
I think this is pretty intuitive.
I know I'm like hyping Prisma up,
I promise you I don't work for them.
I've only met them once ever.
I just think they created
a really good tool.
Yeah, Mark.
>> So does the Prisma code
get shipped to the client?
Just to be clear?
>> Does the Prisma code
get shipped to the client?
Good question.
That all actually depends on where you
write the code because Next.js does
optimizations on imports.
Thus far we have not written
any Prisma code on the client.
So as of right now, no.
And actually going forward for
this whole project, no,
we will not be shipping any
Prisma code on the client.
Although we will be writing Prisma code
in a component that is on the client.
But the way Next.js behaves it actually
strips all that out for the client build.
So although it does look like
it's been written on the client,
it actually will be stripped
out before it gets built.
And that's the power of Next.js,
so to answer your question, no.
But yes, it will feel like that
when we get to the next step.
But this whole C-scripting is
actually there's no client stuff.
This is ran in node,
it only interacts with the database.
So no, you probably wouldn't get a lot
of benefit out of the Prisma client on
the front end because that
would be dangerous so yeah.